All right, so continuing on from the last video, what if I wanted both results to be returned in a
tree map?
Well, in both cases, I would need an overloaded method with a supplier argument.
Each method gripping buy in to map have an overloaded method that fits the bill for grouping.
But we've got a three parameter version of the method, which takes a function, a supplier and a collector
and four to map.
We've got a four parameter version which takes a function as the first two parameters, a binary operator
and a supplier.
Let's have a look at how to do this back in code, let's change the grouping one first, a grouping
by I should say, I'm just going to replace this.
Pricing that in except the import phratry map.
So I notice here I'm using the method reference treatment called Call On You to specify the supplier,
but I also need to specify collector and use collectors not to list for that purpose.
And obviously, pit call and call get type is what we're using is the first parameter in the last video.
Right.
Let's now alter our two map.
Prestatyn.
So what I've done here is added two additional arguments to our collective start to map method call.
The first represents the merged function.
Since I'm not merging in this instance, this is primarily used for parallel streams and I'll be discussing
that in a later video.
As a result of that, this lambrix pressure will suffice.
And next time, using the same supplier that I used above I constructor for the tray map, we're doing
that via a tray map call and call on you.
But let's have a look at what this gives us.
That's from this.
And looking at the first one grouping by output, we can see that a tree map containing a string and
then a list of pet was returned and the listing is ordered by pet type for that stream.
And in the second scenario, to map the tree map, returning as a string and pet ordered basically from
the map to stream.
Since this discussion was about one to one and one to many mappings, this might be a good place to
review the many to one operation you get with the flat map operational stream so that we're going to
create a new class.
Then we'll call this one flatmate, extras.
OK, so we're going to Minmetals, as you can see here, we started creating three lists, each made
up of three randomly generated pet objects.
The next I'm creating a list of the three lists is a list of scrolling a bit further.
I want to make a single list of pet from a list containing a list of pet can do this for that flat map
has shown, but the list created is then not accessible as part of the stream pipeline.
So if we run this now.
Get to the airport of a list of lists and then the full list.
Right, so far, so good.
Let's do the same thing now with flat map and apply some code into our mind method.
Except that import.
And you can see the output of a full list with flat map at the bottom of the screen.
So what happens if I change flat map to use a method reference instead of a lambda expression?
So let's change this.
Replace that stream current column of.
So what actually happens in this scenario?
There is a subtle but important difference here.
Now, the previous flip map operation, they executed the street method on a list of pit in this example
by changing this OSTREM colon colon of I'm executing Strittmatter of passing in a single element, a
list of pet, and therefore I haven't flattened anything.
So I actually run this will confirm.
That it didn't do what I'd hoped, so that's using extreme coal and coal and of the method that does
work is collection coal and Coldstream.
Collection, Colin Colon Stream.
This method has the same meaning as the expression is error, Tolkan is iStock Stream.
If I run this.
That's their work worked, and they get the results that are desired, a list of pet as shown in the
output.
I want to show you some more code here.
So what does this code segment do?
Well, it takes multiple different lists of pets in random order, flattens them into a single list
of pets and collects them into a map of a list of pets keyed by the pit type that's run this.
There's the output at the bottom of the screen.
So let's end this video here.
Next, you'll be presented with some quiz questions which will test your knowledge of some of the topics
we've covered on the videos in his section, on streams and stream pipelines, stream operations, collector
and collectors factory methods.
After the quiz, the subject will be changing away from streams and lambda expressions to migrating
an application written and built before Java nine to a modular application with Java nine through 11
support from modules.
So good luck with the quiz then.
I'll see you shortly after that in the next section.